Digital Collections Deposit Agreement
To properly administer this repository and preserve the contents of Digital Collections for future use, (University of Louisville) requires certain permissions from you, the author(s), or copyright owner. By accepting this license, you do not give up the copyright to your work. You do not give up the right to submit the work to publishers or other repositories. You grant to University of Louisville the non-exclusive right to store your work. You agree that University of Louisville may translate the submission to any medium or format and keep more than one copy for the purposes of security, back up and long-term preservation of the scholarly record. University of Louisville will not make any alteration, other than as allowed by this license, to your submission.

When you submit your file(s) you will have the option of selecting its degree of Visibility on the Web, which will control who can access your materials. Certain license terms apply to each visibility level:

Visibility Level: PUBLIC
By choosing the Public option you are allowing anyone in the world to view your submission. You may choose to apply one of several Creative Commons licenses to your submission, which are explained on the submission form and in the FAQ. These licenses allow you to set your own terms of use for anyone accessing the submission. You authorize University of Louisville to distribute your content under the terms of that Creative Commons license and to allow users of Digital Collections to do the same if your license choice permits that. If you do not choose a license, you grant to University of Louisville the non-exclusive right to distribute your submission (including the metadata and abstract) worldwide, in any format or medium for non-commercial, research, educational, or related academic purposes only. You also authorize University of Louisville to allow users of the repository to distribute your submission (including the metadata and abstract) worldwide, in any format or medium for non-commercial, research, educational, or related academic purposes only. University of Louisville will clearly identify your name(s) as the author(s) or owner(s) of the submission, and will not make any alteration, other than as allowed by this license, to your submission.

Visibility Level: UNIVERSITY OF LOUISVILLE
If you select the University of Louisville access option, you have decided to restrict access only to users of University of Louisville's network. Your deposit will not be accessible to colleagues or students at other universities or to members of the public. If you want your work to be accessible to the broader scholarly community, you should consider the regular Public option instead. If you choose, you may also further limit access to specific individuals or groups of individuals at University of Louisville.

By clicking through this license, you grant to University of Louisville the non-exclusive right to reproduce and/or distribute your submission (including the metadata and abstract) to students, faculty, staff, and walk-in users of the University of Louisville libraries, in any format or medium for non-commercial, research, educational, or related academic purposes only. If you have limited access to specific individuals or groups, University of Louisville will distribute your submission ONLY to those users. You also authorize University of Louisville to allow University of Louisville community users of the repository to distribute your submission (including the metadata and abstract) in any format or medium for University of Louisville internal non-commercial, research, educational, or related academic purposes only. University of Louisville will clearly identify your name(s) as the author(s) or owner(s) of the submission, and will not make any alteration, other than as allowed by this license, to your submission.

Visibility Level: PRIVATE
If you have selected the PRIVATE access option in the Digital Collections deposit process, you have decided to allow University of Louisville a more limited set of rights than those afforded under the Public license option. Your deposit will not be accessible to anyone other than yourself. If you want your work to be accessible to the broader scholarly community, you should consider the regular Public or University of Louisville settings instead.

The following terms apply to ALL submissions:
You agree that University of Louisville bears no responsibility for the contents of your submission. You represent that the submission is your original work, and/or that you have the right to grant the rights contained in this license. You also represent that your submission does not, to the best of your knowledge, infringe upon anyone's copyright. You also represent and warrant that the submission contains no libelous or other unlawful matter and makes no improper invasion of the privacy of any other person.

If the submission contains material for which you do not hold copyright and that exceeds fair use, you represent that you have obtained the unrestricted permission of the copyright owner to grant University of Louisville the rights required by this license, and that such third-party owned material is clearly identified and acknowledged within the text or content of the submission.

IF THE SUBMISSION IS BASED UPON WORK THAT HAS BEEN SPONSORED OR SUPPORTED BY AN AGENCY OR ORGANIZATION OTHER THAN UNIVERSITY OF LOUISVILLE SUCH AS, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH, THE NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION, OR A PRIVATE FUNDER, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE FULFILLED ANY RIGHT OF REVIEW, CONFIDENTIALITY, OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS REQUIRED BY THAT CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT.