Terms of Use
As part of its educational mission, the University of Louisville provides online access to digital versions of selected materials from its collections for educational and research purposes. We have attempted to identify the copyright status for these materials, but in some cases copyright or other information about restrictions may be difficult or even impossible to determine. Please contact us if you have additional information regarding the rights or rights holders of the materials on this website.

"Original works of authorship" including literary, dramatic, artistic, musical, and certain other intellectual works may be protected by United States Copyright Law (Title 17, United States Code); potential users must obtain permission from the copyright holder.

The doctrine of fair use allows limited use of copyrighted material without permission from the copyright holder. Fair use includes comment, criticism, teaching, and scholarship. The University of Louisville welcomes fair use of this website and its contents.

If you wish to publish, broadcast, or publicly display these materials, it is your responsibility to determine and satisfy copyright or other use restrictions.

Ordering Reproductions
The University of Louisville would be happy to provide reasonably priced reproductions of these materials for your personal* or commercial** use. The income from these lab fees and use fees helps to support our ongoing efforts to preserve and provide access to these important materials. Prices and policies may vary between repositories.

To order reproductions in analog or digital format, you must contact the repository and state your intended use as described above. Check the "Ordering Information" field of the item's record to find the contact information for reproductions and permissions inquiries. Please note the "Item Number" as well. This will speed up the process of locating the original.


*Personal use includes reference, research, and any other private, non-commercial use.


**Commercial use includes but is not limited to electronic or paper publishing, video production, exhibits, product presentations, interior design, advertising, or similar commercial purposes.